- Hello, everyone.
- Hello.
- Infinite Challenge!
- Challenge!
Today marks the first day of 2018.
It's the year of dog.
- Happy New Year!
(They're bowing deeply.)
- I knew we were going to do this.
- Happy New Year.
(His head hits the floor.)
You haven't changed much.
- Of course you have to bow.
- Of course.
Weren't you born
in the year of dog?
- Is Sae Ho with us from now on?
- Of course.
Yes, I'm joining for this week also.
It's the year of dog.
I was born in the year of dog.
- He's the big dog.
- Yes, I'm the small dog.
Your age difference is 12 years?
Myeong Soo was born in 1970,
and Sae Ho was born in 1982.
(He's trying to clarify their ages.)
I'm sorry to interrupt, but
have you changed your glasses?
- I have several of them.
- They're cute.
(A sudden compliment)
They look great on you.
Are we on Infinite Company Special?
- What was that?
- You're speaking to Mr. Yu.
- He's flattering Jae Seok.
- Yes, he's doing it all of sudden.
Why are you flattering Jae Seok
all of sudden?
Do you all have any wishes...
or resolutions in 2018?
Why is your face so cute?
- Pardon?
- Your face is so cute.
(He doesn't get the situation.)
He changed his tactics from being
jealous to being nice.
- He's trying to be loved.
- Your face is cute.
(The two men got along so well.)
(Myeong Soo got so jealous of
their relationship.)
(Myeong Soo was desperate to be
loved by Jae Seok.)
My goodness.
Isn't this year your year,
Myeong Soo?
In 2018,
I've started to work out a lot.
- My body feels so much different.
- It feels very different, right?
My body shape got better, and
I sleep better.
With cute Jae Seok,
- I'd like to make a good program.
- I see. Okay.
- Myeong Soo is trying to...
- Jae Seok is a genius.
He's a cute genius.
They said I'd meet a genius in 2018.
Jae Seok must be the one.
- It was you.
- Your juniors...
can't even close their mouths.
- They said I'd meet a genius.
- Why?
I learned that I must be like
Myeong Soo to survive.
- He's such a good example.
- Stop it.
Flattering someone to survive
ended with Myeong Soo.
- I'm just saying that he's cute.
- Don't get me involved, please.
- I did that on purpose.
- I've never seen anyone...
who is cuter than Jae Seok.
He means it.
What's your wish for 2018, Haha?
For me, I have the same wish
every time.
I want to learn something in 2018.
One of our staff said
something to me...
- that really hurt my feeling.
- What was it?
What was it that hurt your feeling?
When we conducted hearing
with Sae Ho last time,
one of the scriptwriters came
to me and said something.
She said, "We're doing something
new since Sae Ho just joined."
"We're doing some new hearing
session. You don't know the word,"
"do you?"
(You don't know what hearing is,
do you?)
I know what hearing is.
I've seen it from TV since young.
She just thought that I wouldn't
know the term.
- She said it like I don't know it.
- I feel much better now.
I thought she only did that to me.
She said the same thing to you.
- So I was like...
- I didn't know how to take it.
I can pay for your tutors
if you need one.
I'll think about it.
We were in the middle of asking
this. Why are we here today?
You mentioned your new year
resolutions earlier.
The most common wish among
people in their 20s and 30s...
- is getting employed.
- Of course.
- Yes, it's true.
- It's tough.
Since it's the new year,
we'd want the first topic to be...
Don't do stuff like that.
I was shocked as we were
talking about this.
- It's tough.
- The exam wasn't long ago.
- What are we doing today?
- Come on, it can't be that.
It hasn't been long since we
took the college exams.
You can't just throw the topics
like that to us.
- Are we taking job interviews?
- No way.
I'm really sorry.
I'm too old for this.
My age suits retirement rather.
I have to retire, not take
job interviews.
Am I taking job interviews for
those with experiences?
(A faint hope)
- I'd rather get hit.
- Yes, let's meet Pacquiao.
It's better if we just get punched.
I have actually asked 30 companies
to take your interviews.
30 companies?
Three companies have replied us
positively about this.
How could you contact
them without telling us?
Which companies?
There is this IT company that
develops games.
The company name starts with "N".
That company... It's good for me!
You're talking about
that N company, right?
I have so much to say
during the interview then.
- It's a game company.
- I've played a lot of games.
- A game company.
- I know those games in depth.
This is more advantageous for
Se Hyeong.
- It's good for Se Hyeong.
- I can even suggest new ideas.
I have so much to talk.
- What about us?
- Take that company then.
I feel like what Se Hyeong is
saying is just like...
when we took the College Entrance
Exam. It gave me goosebumps.
(You reminded me of
the College Entrance Exam.)
(Se Hyeong looked like he was the
top student when he solved them.)
(But his answers were all wrong.)
(He only got 7 points.)
(He scored the least.)
- I felt the same thing too.
- Seriously,
I felt like this happened before.
Okay, it's easy.
He did exactly the same thing
when he solved math problems.
This was the first
confectionery company in Korea.
Its name begins with "H".
This snack company is recruiting
for the marketing team.
- Are they hiring marketers?
- It's in the marketing field.
- This works for me well.
- We know marketing.
We actually do marketing.
Myeong Soo has some connections.
He filmed their TV ads before.
Yes, you're right.
(Myeong Soo and the H company
worked together 24 years ago.)
He worked in the manufacturing
part before too.
I've actually worked
in the whiskey factory before.
- Oh, really?
- That's right.
I remember the colleagues.
There was this man who was
always drunk.
(He always drank whiskey.)
That's how things were back then.
And let me tell you
about the third company.
It's a representative start-up
company in Korea. Company B.
(Recruiting people who understand
preferences of younger clientele)
- Some of you...
- My gosh.
- They're quite popular.
- That company is perfect for me.
- Have you delivered food before?
- Really?
- Have you guys done that?
- Okay.
You must understand
the hardships of delivery guys.
I had worked for a long time
as a delivery man.
Well, but I wonder...
- if the companies would hire us.
- Exactly. Why would they hire us?
I had worked at two factories,
but I never worked in an office.
Energy, creativity, proactiveness,
and confidence.
- I have them all.
- Proactiveness?
- I take initiatives.
- Confidence?
I give my all.
I'm really confident.
(However,
during the real interview,)
(he looks quite modest.)
(Where did his confidence go?
His feet are shaking nervously.)
(Will he be able to
ace the interview?)
- What about you, Haha?
- I...
- Right.
- I run my own company.
The fact that I must work for other
people is quite demeaning.
That's right though.
Haha is the CEO.
He's the very first dummy CEO
in the entertainment business.
I guess your business is...
- going well now.
- We made profits this year.
- My gosh.
- Goodness.
- That's not an easy accomplishment.
- How did you manage that?
- Sorry?
- How did you make profits?
With the birthday parties.
(That's his area of expertise.)
- I get it now.
- I'll start singing at parties now.
- Haha, but the birthday parties...
- Mark my words. I'll go then.
Don't you get a lot of comments
through your social media?
- Don't they invite you?
- Wait, so...
- I did get those comments.
- You did, didn't you?
- I told you.
- The thing is...
- I knew it.
- Right.
- It happened, right?
- So your company...
What kind of employees
are you looking for?
My company hired
two more employees this year.
- What made you hire them?
- The vibe I got at first made me...
hired them.
(He relies on the "vibe"
to recruit his employees.)
- It's an odd way to hire employees.
- You might laugh at this.
So many of the job-seekers
are desperate.
They freeze when they see me.
When I sit in front of them
as the CEO of the company,
- they freeze.
- Everyone is a CEO here.
Then I'd say,
"Take your coffee."
(He sounds friendly.)
- "Take your coffee."
- Like this?
- Are you scolding them?
- Goodness.
- I can't talk to these jokers.
- "Why are you old?" "You're late."
They are in their own world.
- You should say, "Drink coffee".
- I can't work with them.
- You said it wrong.
- When we go in for interviews,
it's not like we will start working
at those companies.
Even so. We hope
that we can be of help...
- to those who are looking for jobs.
- Right.
If we get to show this process
on TV for those people,
- this information would be helpful.
- I agree.
- Okay.
- We should take this seriously.
Actually, when my father used to
work at a company,
he worked in HR.
I think my father was
in charge of holding interviews.
(Why is he talking
about this all of a sudden?)
Can I take this seriously
even if I won't be funny today?
- But you're not that funny anyway.
- I see.
- It's not like you're hilarious.
- I meant to say...
I won't goof around.
I will seriously try to get the job.
Shall we get going then?
Okay.
(Ace the Interview)
(Even if their looks are
all different,)
(everyone has the same goal.)
(We want to get a job!)
(The first round of process is
the resume.)
(Writing the resume is
a task that never ends,)
(but this is a required task
before the interview.)
(Writing the application
for the position)
"Foreign language". "Ability to
use software". Gosh, this...
(Believe it or not,
it's a study group.)
The button, F5, is to copy, right?
(Struggling)
Control.
What do I press
with the shift button?
- Am I wrong?
- Control and c.
(Are you seriously asking me that?)
I have to space
the words correctly too.
- Dongducheon, Gyeonggi Province.
- Look at this for me.
Perhaps, I should take
a playful approach.
(Unlike the younger members,)
(the older members seem lost.)
(Typing slowly)
Goodness, this is...
(He barely manages to type.)
Can you give me a piece of paper?
I can't read this, so I can't type.
Myeong Soo, are you serious?
I can read it, but it's hard to read
from the screen.
- Your eyes are really getting bad.
- Guitar.
(What is this?)
- What just happened? Where...
- No, no.
You can go back.
- But it's not working.
- No, just click this here.
- It worked, didn't it?
- Yes, it did.
If you can't even do this,
how could you apply for a job?
You don't know the basics.
You won't be able to do your job.
I can learn this on the job.
I can ask the senior colleagues
to help.
We can't learn on the job
at companies we are applying for.
We are getting a job there to use
what we learned so far.
You're talking nonsense.
- Can you send an email?
- Do you have to ask?
I pegged you for an employee
who would go from door to door.
(He'd visit to get approvals
for projects.)
Hey, you. Please watch your tone.
- Hold on a second.
- Yes?
It seems all of us here
are looking for a job.
- Yes?
- We'll apply for a snack company.
How about having some snacks
while working?
- That's a great idea.
- I like that idea.
- It's natural for us.
- Great.
- You'll get the job.
- You bet.
- That's such a great idea.
- We must try their products.
(They bring in the snacks.)
Hey, try this.
We should also try
other companies' snacks.
You're right. We must try them
to know how they taste.
(Is the packaging sturdy enough?)
(Is eating two at once possible?)
(Is it big enough for one bite?)
(Among them, especially this guy...)
(seems to just eat the snacks.)
(This guy with a short neck...)
(pays no attention to others.)
How should I write this?
Buddy, you're eating too much
during the shoot.
Do you think you're playing
games at home now?
- I'm hooked on this.
- What on earth are you doing?
- I'm hooked.
- You're eating all the leftovers.
Leftover Cleaner.
Do I need to write where I grew up
to explain about my childhood?
- Yes.
- The height is 167cm.
"Childhood".
I was born during a hot summer
on August 9 in 1982.
Don't write that.
How is the season of your birth
relevant to this job?
I was going to write
that's why I am very passionate.
Write about why your neck is short.
"I can't wear dress shirts
because my neck is short."
My family wasn't rich, but...
Don't write that.
I already wrote that.
"My family wasn't rich, but..."
- Did you write that you were happy?
- I wrote my family wasn't rich.
No one in the 70s was rich.
- That's true. No one was.
- With love...
- I was blessed...
- my parents gave me...
Thanks to my dad
who paved his own path...
Hey!
Don't write about that!
- Why not?
- Gosh.
- Your father is a public official.
- I'm going to use that.
Some parts of our cover letters
are already overlapping.
"Although we weren't rich,
we were a happy family."
I bet the interviewers already read
a lot of similar covers.
So those applicants
won't be selected.
- That's what I mean.
- Exactly.
Then how are we supposed write
our cover letters?
How can we write a different one
for each company?
- Why would we write this then?
- We must write a unique letter.
For "mountains and valleys", there's
a space in the middle, right?
(They really should
get a tutor.)
I mean...
"I was born and grew up
in Dongducheon, Gyeonggi Province."
"I grew up in a house
with a garden in the front yard."
"With games such as
Swinging Torches,"
"Picking up the Bombs,
Eating Grasshoppers,"
"I had a happy childhood."
"Although my family wasn't rich,"
"I grew up in a happy family
with a lot of love from my parents."
That only adds up to 48 characters.
They add up pretty quickly.
It's because the spacing is
included in the limit too.
- Really?
- Yes.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.
(Let me tell you about the numbers.)
(They are the language of business.)
He spent 30 dollars.
(I'm the CEO!)
9, 10, 11, 12. Wait.
I think I went over 100 characters.
(Life Principles)
This is great.
"Present Is My Heyday."
(It's mine.)
(Gosh, this is so outdated.)
- That's my motto of my life.
- Are you serious?
- I came up with this.
- That's from "Slam Dunk".
That's right, but...
(He looks like the extra
rather than the main character.)
"When others say, 'Yes',
I'll say, 'Yes, I can.'"
(This is how you ought to do this.)
"I'm always one step ahead. Despite
my old age, my ideas are fresh."
"I take initiatives too quickly,
which can be a weakness."
Isn't this amazing?
(Volunteer work must
be done in secret.)
This is beautiful.
Is it "Right hand doesn't know
when the left hand is helping"?
Or vice versa?
- It's the left hand.
- Left hand.
- "Right foot and left hand."
- Gosh, you are unbelievable.
(He's the dumbest.)
I'm going to make sure
you don't get this job.
Goodness, you're frustrating.
- Left hand doesn't...
- What did you write about school?
"I somewhat liked to take the lead."
"Somewhat liked?"
- "Somewhat"? Get rid of that.
- "With my friends..."
I didn't want to say
I always liked to take the lead.
- But you did like taking the lead.
- I always...
got along with my friends.
"I was the funniest guy in school."
I mean it. All of my
friends adored me.
(Every class had someone like him.)
I'm confident with my interview
with the game company.
I really like playing games.
But you spend money on games.
(He uses his cash on them.)
When the games had special deals
for Christmas promotions,
he bought them all right away.
I mean, I bought them too.
But it was shocking
that Jae Seok bought them.
You said you won't spend
money on games.
You criticized me
for using my cash on them.
This guy is a walking contradiction.
If you were going to do that...
I had to buy the special deal.
It was 23 dollars.
One day, he got all serious.
He asked who Ulsan Baller was.
I told him that it was my agent.
He mentioned my agent didn't give
him an item when he asked.
(He mentioned my agent didn't give
him an item when he asked.)
Hey.
- You.
- You were the funniest.
I guess that must have worked.
He gave me a lot afterwards.
Thank you.
- We're writing the applications.
- Yes?
- It's hard.
- But...
I heard that having the interviews
is just as hard as writing this.
I was told it was like a war.
- I heard it's brutal.
- Two of my cousins are jobseekers.
I called them a while ago
and asked where they were.
They said
they went to Gunsan on a trip.
The cousin didn't pass the test
for the position.
I heard that the cousin went
on the trip to get some fresh air.
It must be hard for them.
We will be able to get an interview
after writing the cover letter.
- That's right.
- Some people write this,
- but many can't get an interview.
- They may not have an interview.
They can't pass...
- the first round.
- That's the most frustrating part.
- They want to work on weaknesses.
- Exactly.
They don't even apply if they don't
have at least five certificates.
We shouldn't approach this
as a job-seeker.
If I were a CEO or the interviewer,
I wouldn't pick myself.
- Me neither.
- I wouldn't choose myself.
- I'm not a good candidate.
- I second that.
When we put ourselves
in each other's shoes,
we might be able to
come up with a way.
If you were the CEO of a company,
which member would you choose?
I'm sure Sae Ho will fit
in very well because...
- he's nice to junior colleagues.
- Sae Ho.
- When you go up the ladder,
- So...
You're like a spy
for a competing company.
They are usually slim.
- Pardon?
- They are slim.
- They wanted to break the bias.
- Seriously.
(They have to finish the rest
of the cover letter at home.)
After the college entrance exam,
I'm writing a cover letter.
"Questions that are always
asked during interviews".
(It seems like yesterday when we
took the College Entrance Exam.)
I can barely turn on a computer.
This is really hard.
What should I write?
Good morning.
- Hello.
(Haha's office)
That's right.
Shall we shout our slogan first?
Do we have a slogan?
- A small but strong company!
(Yes, yes, yes)
(The family of a small company
shouts the slogan loudly.)
You know,
for Infinite Challenge,
I need to turn in my resume.
I need to write about
my strengths and weaknesses.
Should I add "Utter fool"?
I only look at one thing.
- Companies like that.
- Really?
It can be read as loyalty and love
for the company.
My strength is that...
I am an utter fool.
Should I write that?
"Write down your favorite game."
(Write down your favorite game.)
"Galaga".
"Raccoon".
"Track and Field".
I loved that game.
These games are too old.
This is really hard.
"Introduce yourself with a song."
(Introduce yourself with the focus
on your favorite song.)
A river runs
(It's the latest trend to ask
for a unique self-introduction.)
(I am going to have something
with you)
I will choose "Some".
"Is it my fault that I am bad
at expressing myself?"
"Can't I just say that
I like this company?"
"I want to be honest."
(I am going to have something
with this company)
"I am going to have something
with this company."
That's right.
(Laughing)
I don't know why I keep laughing.
I am laughing more than I did...
during the College Entrance Exam.
"Describe yourself with one word."
(Thinking)
Bellflower root and pear juice.
It's tasty and healthy.
It will stay fresh for a long time
in the refrigerator.
"With the worsening
unemployment rate came..."
"the pressuring interview."
"Popular questions
in a pressuring interview."
"Unexpected questions."
"You can't hold your liquor,
but get asked to drink for the job."
(What would you do?)
"What would you do?"
"Pick three friends you would invite
to a company party."
Is that an interview question?
"Why should we hire you?"
(Under pressure)
Send in the next applicant.
Welcome.
Excuse me.
- The weather is cold.
- Yes.
Wasn't it hard to come this far?
(Cho Kyu Sung, Sae Ho's father)
(Sae Ho's father?)
(Sae Ho's father is
a capoeira master.)
- Really?
- For real?
I am serious.
My father is?
(He was said to be the master
of capoeira and Brazilian waxing.)
(He will use his experiences
as an HR manager to help his son.)
- The weather is cold.
- Yes.
Wasn't it hard to come this far?
No, it wasn't hard.
This is the company I will...
Let me try again.
It's nerve-wracking.
My name is Cho Sae Ho.
It's nice to meet you.
- Please sit down.
- Excuse me.
Don't say, "Excuse me."
Okay. I shouldn't.
Welcome.
(It looks like he will only practice
entering the room.)
Hello.
Why did you apply to this company?
Ever since I was young...
Which company is this?
Let's say
it's a confectionery company.
A confectionery company.
Let's try it again.
Come in.
(We didn't copy and paste
the footage.)
Hello.
Ever since I was young,
I wanted to...
(Clearing his throat)
I can be a familiar face...
(The vending machine
of answers struggles.)
I am sorry.
However, this company is...
the most...
In my opinion...
My weakness...
is lack of concentration.
However, it's nothing...
you need to worry about.
What makes you think
I don't need to worry about it?
Once you give me a task,
I will be able to prove myself.
Before a job interview,
there are things
you need to prepare.
(He has many things
to study and prepare.)
Read up on this material.
Before you sat down,
you said, "Excuse me."
You don't need to be excused.
When they call for you,
they'll tell you to sit down.
You just need to say, "Thank you".
You can also say,
- "Thank you for this opportunity."
- "Thank you."
You can say that instead.
Make the interviewer think,
"I need to hire this person."
You need to get your points across.
I failed to do that, right?
I did get your points,
but you stuttered.
(He stuttered as he gave him a tip.)
Let's go.
- Good luck.
- Okay.
In my current state,
I am very likely to fail,
- right?
- In your current state,
the chance is over 90 percent.
The chance of success?
- No, the chance of failure.
- I see.
(The chance of failure
is over 90 percent.)
You need to tell the company...
that they need you.
(They finished writing
their resumes.)
(Jae Seok's resume
and Se Hyeong's resume)
(Myeong Soo's resume)
(His tastes in games show
his old age.)
(Haha's resume)
(He didn't include "Utter fool"
in the end.)
(Sae Ho's resume)
(The vending machine of answers
has many things to say.)
(Jun Ha's resume)
(He wrote that he studied
for 4 years to go to a university.)
(They applied to 3 companies.)
(Only the job interview remains.)
(You have a message.)
(Information on the final interview
for the new recruits)
(Hello, this is the HR manager.
Please attend the interview.)
(Ace the Interview)
(It's the day of the interview.)
(People are busy going to work
in the morning.)
(The job seeker walks
with a heavy heart.)
(I wish I had a company to go to.)
(They are both nervous...)
I am so nervous.
(and excited.)
A, E, I, O, U.
(Today is the day of the interview.)
This is driving me crazy.
(They go to N game company first.)
(Will they be able to do well?)
- Hello.
This can't be the right room.
(Hesitant)
- Did the interview begin?
- Pardon?
He must be the department head.
- My goodness.
- You just got here.
I guess the interview
will take place in this room.
Don't aggravate him.
Will there be
a lot of unexpected questions?
I learned...
pressuring questions
are popular these days.
Pressuring questions.
- What's that?
- For example,
the interviewer sees
how you react...
to a question that frustrates you.
It's right here.
Oh, these questions are available.
These are actual questions
from an interview.
- Why should we hire you?
- That's right.
That's a great question.
It has been a while
since I received that question.
Hold on. You shouldn't judge
the interviewer.
Why should we hire you?
If you don't hire me,
I will go somewhere else...
and ruin this company.
You wrote that you want to receive
30,000 dollars a year.
We can't give you that much.
What will be your decision?
You will give me that money.
(Nodding)
Are you in a fight?
Will something bad happen otherwise?
That's how confident I am.
Please talk about
the best and worst decisions...
of your life.
In my life...
- Hello.
(When the HR personnel comes in,)
(he gets up first.)
- Hello.
Hello.
It's nice to meet you.
Today, I will guide you
through the interview process.
I am Cha Yu Sun
of the HR department.
(He claps to gain her favor.)
Today, there will be...
1st and 2nd interviews.
The first interview
will take place now.
Three people will go in first.
Follow me if your names are called.
Yu Jae Seok, Park Myeong Soo,
and Cho Sae Ho.
You will go in first.
Good luck.
- I feel like a fool.
- Please come this way.
(Spraying)
We will be back.
- Don't get nervous.
- Good luck.
- We will be back.
No matter who gets the job,
- let's stay in touch.
- Let's offer congratulations.
We are friends from the interview.
(He gets ready belatedly.)
She is telling us to hurry.
(Hurried)
(Turning)
(He is already having
a mental breakdown.)
(People who await them...)
(have sharp eyes...)
(and poker faces.)
(What is the interview
for game developers like?)
(They finally enter.)
(They tiptoe into the room.)
- Hello.
(Jae Seok and Myeong Soo
politely say hello.)
- It's nice to meet you.
- Hello.
(Even the interviewers bow.)
(Sae Ho enters with confidence.)
Thank you for this opportunity.
(He learned well from his father.)
Okay.
(Once they sit down,)
(they become nervous and anxious.)
(Park Woong Suk, Baek Han Ju,
Lee Eun Suk)
Now, you will have...
the first interview.
In the first interview,
we will ask you some questions
that have no right answers.
Please feel free to share
your thoughts and values...
as there is no right answer.
We will give you 60 seconds.
Tell us about yourself
in the best way you can.
- Applicant.
- Yes.
(The overenthusiastic applicant
goes first.)
Now, I will introduce myself.
- There is no right form.
- Okay.
I have a nickname.
Many people call me...
a professional traveler.
I was given the nickname...
because I am willing
to run diligently to the destiny...
no matter where I am asked to go.
Before I applied for this company,
I worked as a comedian.
When I approach people,
I have...
(His mind goes blank.)
(Laughing)
(I must not laugh.)
Right...
- May I ask a question?
- Yes.
You introduced yourself...
- as a traveler.
- Yes.
Does it mean that you will take...
an offer from another company?
It's possible,
but I'm looking for a company...
to settle down.
Even though I was a traveler...
(He forgets what to say.)
(He bursts out laughing.)
I went through a hard time.
I moved from one show to another.
I'd like to settle down now.
(Listening skills are
also evaluated.)
- Why do you laugh?
- I'm sorry, sir.
Whoever is ready,
introduce yourself.
- Go ahead.
- May I go first? Okay.
Hello.
I can do it. I can do it.
(Surprised)
I complete any task with much
responsibility once it's given.
I'm Yu Jae Seok
who's capable of anything.
(That's my phrase.)
Thank you.
(He's laughing again.)
You may stay seated.
- Yes.
- I was adjusting my seat.
I believe the most important skill
is listening.
If you don't listen,
it's difficult to
empathize with others.
In order to make a perfect game,
investing in sounds
is quite important.
I'd like to...
focus on that.
What you said is more related to
game sound engineer.
Working as a game designer
is different.
Didn't you apply to
planning department?
Is that so?
- Anyway...
- You could be helpful.
This is very important.
Contrary to what we believe,
sight isn't the most important.
Hearing is most important
for human satisfaction.
I completely agree with
what you're saying.
- Hearing is very important.
- However, you applied to...
- game planning department.
- It also applies.
Sound is also important in planning.
Which direction do we take
in sounds?
This is very important.
- We'll take it into consideration.
- Okay.
In your application, you wrote...
"There are many cups and lips."
"Chinese market is the only answer.
There are many cups and lips."
Did you mean "There's many
a slip twixt cup and lip"?
Did you mean something else?
- It's a typo.
- I see.
I'm not sure what I meant.
- You don't remember?
- No.
- Did you write the application?
- Yes, that's right.
He seems unpredictable.
At the company,
teamwork is quite important.
In that regard,
I couldn't give him a high score.
We'll ask questions
individually now.
Was there a time when
you lost your sense of pride?
How did you come up
with your email address?
If you could go back,
which time of your life would it be?
Please explain the rules of
What's the Time, Mr. Wolf?
(The interviewers' questions
make their minds go blank.)
This is it for the first interview.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
(They bow one more time.)
- Thank you. Please return...
- Thank you.
- to the waiting room.
- That was really difficult.
What did you think?
(He's unsure.)
It was...
What did you think?
They understand the basic...
of entertainment industry.
They have a strong base,
so they seem qualified.
I wonder if their background fits...
our standards.
During the second interview,
we should evaluate Myeong Soo
regarding teamwork.
Okay, sir.
(Coming up next)
The second interview
will be a discussion.
Since it's Winter Olympics,
playing in an ice rink is the best.
Why in an ice rink?
This is Winter Olympics.
Snow and ice are necessary
during Winter Olympics.
I'm sorry, but I can't work
with you at this rate.
This is missing the point.
Kicking jaegi on ice
without falling...
is what makes people applaud.
As we're a game production company,
people usually expect
individualism...
and autonomy to be most important.
However, teamwork is essential
in the process of making games.
If candidates show a balance of
individual expression...
and teamwork skills,
they'll be considered
highly qualified.
I'm very nervous.
- Goodness.
- They're back.
- How did it go?
- It was a mess.
- What did they ask?
- What kind of questions?
- The rest of you,
- They were normal questions.
please wait for your next interview.
Myeong Soo.
You didn't answer their
questions correctly.
- Seriously.
- They asked to introduce ourselves.
- Did he say something else?
- When he introduced himself,
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
- he talked about hearing.
- Hearing?
He talked about
the importance of sounds.
Why did you bring up
being a traveler?
- Did he say that?
- He talked about being a traveler.
I read that it's good to include
your nickname in introduction.
No one laughed.
(The first group is relieved
after the interview.)
- I'm nervous. What should I do?
- Me too.
It's nerve-racking.
I'm very nervous.
- My goodness.
- She's here.
Gosh, I'm in trouble.
- It's our turn.
- Your interview is next.
- Good luck.
- We'll get going.
Mr. Jung Jun Ha
and Yang Se Hyeong.
- Mr. Haha.
- Okay.
(Nervous)
Gosh, we're in trouble.
What should we do?
- Hello.
- Hello. Nice to meet you.
- Hello, sir.
Nice to meet you.
- Please have a seat.
- Yes, sir.
(He smiles back at Jun Ha.)
I'm sure you're prepared.
During 60 seconds,
please introduce yourself...
in an appealing way.
- Whoever is ready should start.
- Do we introduce ourselves?
Yang Se Hyeong is where joy is.
Yang Se Hyeong is
where happiness is.
I'm Yang Se Hyeong,
and I make people happy.
It's nice to meet you.
Hello, it's nice to meet you.
I used to be obsessed
with a car racing game,
so I practically lived
at an internet cafe.
When I reached the top level,
I was proud of myself. I understood
why people play games.
Coincidentally,
the game was made by this company.
I hope you'll consider me.
I hope it'll be a great interview.
I'm Haha. Thank you.
Hello.
I'd like to make
a strict working environment...
to be fun and enjoyable.
I'm Jung Jun Ha.
It's nice to meet you.
I've lost a lot of interest
in games.
(His honesty comes out
unexpectedly.)
(He expresses his lack of interest
in games to a game company.)
I thought it would be great
if there were games...
enjoyable for people in their 40s.
That's why I'm here.
It's nice to meet you.
Thank you.
(Meanwhile, in the waiting room...)
(He prepares for another interview.)
Goodness.
- Did you write it?
- Yes.
- You said what you had prepared.
I wrote it based on...
my real experience.
(He's impressed.)
This is a question for Mr. Haha.
Why do you want to work
at this company?
It's an amazing company.
All of you look great especially...
- you, sir.
- Thank you.
His sense of style is my ideal type.
You seem very casual.
To be honest,
I was surprised at first.
I feel that I belong here.
Could the other two
also answer the question?
I believe that
games are a modern way...
to contemplate.
I'm good at two things.
One is playing games,
and the other is...
entertaining people.
I'm good at playing games,
and I can make people laugh.
If I get to work here,
I can use my strengths
to the best of my ability.
(His answer was
unexpectedly serious.)
Is there something that you know...
but no one else knows?
Is there a truth that only you know?
It could be an imagination.
Tell us if you're
comfortable sharing it.
This is something that I imagine.
I imagine that each person
is considered...
a character by aliens.
If an alien buys happiness,
he gives happiness to his character.
If something goes wrong
due to too much happiness,
the alien gives hardship
to his character.
The alien tries to
balance the mood...
and raises his character.
During tough times,
I imagined that my master
is giving me a hard time.
When something good happens,
I imagine that my master...
is giving me happiness
after a hard time.
- Yes.
- I see.
I believe that...
we're given one chance.
It could be an ability
to stop the time.
I believe that teleportation exists.
(I see.)
Okay.
- I'm not lying.
- All right.
(He's not good with words.)
What you can see...
versus what's on the inside.
That could be how an idea starts.
I was impressed by Se Hyeong.
His idea was original.
Tell us your email address...
and explain why you decided to
use that email.
Whenever I tried to make an ID,
it said it was already in use,
so I typed Korean
on the English keyboard.
I wrote "No ID".
I tried it,
and it wasn't in use already.
We need to finish up.
Do you have any questions?
It can be about the interview
process or about the company.
(This is my last chance
to sell myself.)
(I need to seize this opportunity.)
- Sure.
- My question is...
(My question is...)
What question
would you like to be asked?
(I know this.)
(It was deemed the best question
a few specials ago.)
(What question would you like to
hear the most?)
(It's a satisfying question.)
Besides questions like that.
- Pardon?
- I didn't mean questions like that.
Then what I'm curious about is...
(He's bitter.)
(It's my turn to step back.)
This concludes the interview.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
- Thank you for everything.
(He's reluctant.)
Thank you. You may leave.
After the interview,
I like this company even more.
- Thank you.
(He arranges the chairs as well.)
Take care.
Thanks. You too.
I'll take these.
Hey.
Take care. Thank you.
I love you.
I'll take you to the waiting room.
What do you think?
(They discuss the interviews.)
I liked Se Hyeong the most.
I like what he said,
and he was enthusiastic.
Haha was also enthusiastic,
but he doesn't know much
about games which is unfortunate.
(Waiting room)
(Spraying)
Stop spraying that.
It's all over your body.
I heard this one's good.
That question didn't work.
He's unbelievable.
What's wrong? Did he do anything?
He's incredible.
I just said whatever I wanted.
What's interesting is when you're
in there, you don't see the cameras.
- It feels like a real interview.
- That's right.
- In my head,
- You get desperate.
I keep telling myself
that I don't want to fail.
Coming this far...
is hard too.
People don't get the opportunity.
I want to go to Sangam MBC.
I'd rather get punched by
Pacquiao again.
We pay more attention
to the portfolio...
than the cover letter and
consider it more important.
Some people send thick documents...
saying that they came up
with new ideas for games.
They mention about
different tribes...
and some prince who did what.
They elaborate on that...
(They usually send long stories.)
The stories are very typical,
and we aren't interested at all.
Portfolio has to be
well-summarized...
in a few slides.
We consider that the best.
The next location is an IT company.
- It's that one.
- Right.
Stop going to IT companies.
I have a headache.
This one's more intense.
(Ace the Interview)
(They're in front of
the second company.)
This is refreshing.
It woke me up.
(It's a delivery service.)
- This must be it.
- I hope I make this one.
It feels different from
old companies.
(They look around
like it's a new house.)
This is nice.
(Don't order today's chicken
tomorrow.)
(They think outside the box.)
(You can't have that job forever.
Leave when you're at your peak.)
(There are no office desks.)
(Employees can work freely
as if they're in a coffee shop.)
(The waiting room
looks like a track.)
(Wash up before going to bed.)
- Hello.
This is great.
Can we sit?
"Have a burning heart,
but watch your head."
(The atmosphere feels
liberal and unique.)
(Take a shower and sleep.)
It feels pretty relaxing.
- Don't get too nervous.
- Right.
I'm Lee Tae Young, the HR manager.
Nice to meet you, sir.
You'll be interviewed individually,
and there are
two interviewers inside.
- Okay.
- You'll start...
with a one-minute introduction.
Compare yourself to delivery food.
(This is a new type of
self-introduction.)
- Please express your idea.
- Delivery food?
- Delivery food.
- Yes, you're right.
For example, "I'm jokbal."
In five minutes,
I'll give you more instructions.
- Please take this time to think.
- Yes, thank you.
(They only have 5 minutes
to think of something.)
I thought about jokbal.
I'll do jjambbong.
I'll do pizza.
"Hello, I'm a chicken feet."
(The oldest member is...)
(a seasoned sea snail?)
(He's as focused as if he's looking
up the Bitcoin market price.)
Let's start with
Mr. Park Myeong Soo.
All right.
Let's go.
Good luck.
I think he'll do good.
The first person is Park Myeong Soo.
- Hello.
(He looks at the interviewers
as he says hello.)
(The interviewers are
dressed casually.)
Please have a seat.
- Mr. Park Myeong Soo?
- Yes.
- Nice to meet you.
You'll be having an interview today.
I'm Park Il Han
who'll be interviewing you.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Han Myeong Soo.
We have the same name.
It's fate. It was meant to be.
You have to be more serious.
I'll try my best.
You prepared an introduction, right?
Yes, I had to take
a delivery food...
Hold on.
Instead of that,
I want to hear something
you didn't prepare.
- Something I didn't prepare?
- Yes.
If you prepare them ahead of time,
it's boring.
Just tell us who you are.
(He's moving his feet because
he's nervous.)
Look at his feet.
- He's like Michael Jackson.
- It's no joke.
He's Michael Jackson.
(This moonwalk doesn't look normal.)
(He starts scratching himself
out of nervousness.)
I am...
full of confidence.
I'm sorry. It's what got me here,
and I always started...
with confidence.
I'm not really nervous today either.
I want to be confident
and tell you how motivated I am.
Do you have your own way
of resolving a conflict?
Is it better to be good at something
or work hard?
Do fried chickens sell better
seasoned or unseasoned?
What words can we put on this
to make it funny?
(Smiling)
(He said he was confident,
but he can't speak.)
(Typing)
- Nice to meet you.
Hello.
What are some items that were
most delivered by our company?
Think about single items.
You can consider any food.
For yesterday's dinner,
- I ordered jokbal.
- Okay.
(And?)
I don't think
that's the right answer.
I think it might be tteokbokki
or chicken feet.
- People like late-night snacks.
- Hold on.
I'll go with tteokbokki.
I think it's right.
Can't you make it at home too?
But it tastes different...
from homemade ones.
All right.
(Did they laugh
because it was good?)
(What was the point
of that question?)
We wanted to see
what his thoughts were.
We also wanted him
to explain logically.
If you choose one thing,
you shouldn't end it there.
You need to provide a reason...
and convince me with that.
That's what we wanted to check.
- Hello.
- Hello, nice to meet you.
- Please have a seat.
- Okay. Hello.
Choose one item
that gets the most delivery request.
Chicken!
Why do you think so?
You're so certain.
Isn't it chicken?
When you look at rankings,
chicken is always number one
for late-night snacks.
- Then,
- I might be wrong.
you mentioned chicken,
so do Koreans eat more fried chicken
seasoned or unseasoned?
(He hesitates
instead of jumping into it.)
(They're looking forward
to his answer.)
I think it's seasoned.
- Why?
- How so?
When you eat late-night snacks,
sweet food makes you relax.
- It gets rid of your stress.
- Right.
All right.
(He explained calmly with reasons.)
What areas do you think
deliver the most?
I've read some articles,
and I believe that areas where there
are many single person households...
order delivery a lot.
- All right.
- For example?
Near colleges...
or near companies.
- So places with those attributes?
- Yes.
(These people live by themselves.)
- You think it's those areas?
- I think so.
I think the three of us
work well together.
Is that right?
- Thank you for caring about us.
- Thank you.
- You have a great leadership.
- No, that's not true.
I think you could be
an executive member.
You're too kind.
I don't think so.
You don't think so?
You're modest too.
I mean it.
Let's conclude the interview here.
- Good work.
- Thank you.
- Take care.
- Bye.
Thank you.
(The interview was like
a relaxed conversation.)
He was smooth and talked well.
When we asked about what areas
get the most deliveries,
he guessed the right attributes.
Instead of guessing the towns...
and asking us if it's
Yeoksam-dong or Nonhyeon-dong,
he took a moment to think.
I liked that.
He knows how to catch
an important point.
Even if the interviewer is kind,
the interview itself is stressful.
(It's stressful because they don't
know the results.)
This is very tiring.
I think this place is an idea.
This suits me very well.
(Those who messed up
show confidence.)
I think I'm hired.
(The next interviewee is
Sae Ho.)
He's here.
(He stopped right before
entering the door.)
- Hello.
Have you ordered food delivery?
Yes, I have.
The talented individual is here.
Nice to meet you.
Yes, Mr. Cho Sae Ho.
- Nice to meet you.
I'm Cho Sae Ho.
- Hello.
- Nice to meet you.
Please introduce yourself.
I have a nickname.
People call me a traveler.
- A traveler?
- If somebody calls me,
I'd go anywhere with my
travel luggage.
I'd like to settle down here with...
my luggage.
Why does he keep talking
about being a traveler?
- That was the hottest keyword.
- I know,
but he doesn't know how to conclude
when he talks about it.
- What is in your travel luggage?
- It has...
my passion,
my ambition,
and other things in it.
If you unpack the luggage and
see what's inside...
you'll realize that it was a good
decision for you to have me.
Since when did you start carrying
the travel luggage?
(He's flustered to be asked
about the travel luggage.)
I've carried it since 2001.
The travel luggage has many
stories about me.
I'd like to unpack my travel
luggage here and...
play well.
Why would you play well
here in our company?
(He's taken aback.)
The thing that I'm best at
is playing.
I do playing things well.
So if I think going to work is
like playing,
I'd do well in your company too.
Work like you play?
Will the tasks be done well
if you treat it like you're playing?
I'm just curious.
(He keeps giving answers
without a point.)
When do you feel happy?
- Me?
- Yes.
To be honest,
I feel happy when I'm at home
in my underwear...
with a nice cold beer...
and a plate of hot chicken,
and nothing else.
You said you feel happy when
you have hot chicken.
- Do you like chicken?
- Yes, I do.
There was this professor in
my university.
(He keeps talking about
something not important.)
(Sae Ho keeps answering
without a point.)
So I asked...
if you like chicken?
Yes, I like chicken.
I asked if you like chicken.
- You answered something else.
- Right. I'm sorry.
I tried to tell a different story
about me.
Let's say...
you have a thousand dollars,
- and you want to start a business.
- Okay.
What kind of start-ups do you
think you can do?
With a thousand dollars.
I'd like to buy a nice suit.
- Suit?
- Right.
I'd like to buy a nice suit
that costs a thousand dollars.
- Right.
- With that suit...
I'd knock anywhere to
start up something.
It has always been...
(Curious)
Let me re-think.
(Let me think about it again.)
When you said that I had
a thousand dollars,
I was reminded of a suit
I wanted to get.
- There was a suit you saw.
- Yes.
I really wanted to buy it when you
mentioned a thousand dollars.
- I like how you're honest.
- Right.
I can't lie.
(Trying hard)
Let's say if you are informed
that you didn't make this interview,
what do you think is the reason
that you didn't pass?
I think it would have been
that thousand dollars.
(Because of the thousand dollars)
- I see.
- Right.
- Thank you for coming.
- Thank you.
- I'd leave now.
- Yes, goodbye.
Did you go to some talk concert?
- What are you doing?
- What did you do?
- Your answers were overloaded.
- No, they weren't.
How do you feel?
I think I passed.
(He counts his chickens
before they've hatched.)
It was tough.
(It was tough.)
Why am I tired? I only listened.
He interpreted our questions...
in his own ways.
He wanted to take the lead
on the interview.
But when he does what he wants
to do, he'd do well.
- That's more difficult.
- If there's no reaction,
he'd feel sad.
But most importantly,
he doesn't go well with us.
- There's the last person.
- He's the last one.
He's the youngest.
Yes.
(Young blood is on his way.)
(Child Se Hyeong is here.)
(They're having headache.)
(He's shocked.)
What is he doing?
This...
- This is a replay of the shark.
- This is...
Goodbye to the previous
interviewees!
I'm the interviewee who's ready!
Happy. Refreshing. Delightful.
(They can't even look him in
the eyes.)
I'm the real one.
(The real child who's running
for the election is here.)
I'm the interviewee 237,
Yang Se Hyeong!
(Interviewee: Yang Se Hyeong)
Thank you for your entrance.
- Yes.
- Take a seat.
You made me lose my mind.
Let me regain my focus.
I thought you would be tired.
It was embarrassing,
but I did it to refresh the mood.
- Thank you.
- My pleasure.
- It is encouraging.
Can you tell me about yourself
as a regular person?
On TV, I'm portrayed as a person...
who is bright and cheerful.
I'm usually quiet and emotional.
I read poems.
I like writing poems alone.
I'm a whole different person
on the stage.
(He delivers the answers calmly.)
When you're emotional,
isn't it hard for you to control it?
I have a habit of being mad when...
I feel like my pride
as been scratched.
I recently read a book called
"Rage".
Learning to control my temper...
will make my life happier.
After I read that book,
when I began to admit the fact,
I don't get mad anymore.
That is how...
control it and sleep well.
- Right.
- Yes, that's me.
When do you think has the most
number of orders in a year?
Let me think.
I think it should be either the
beginning or the end of the year.
Why do you think of it that way?
There are many married men
and women who work.
They're all busy.
But no matter how busy they are,
they try to spend time with family
at the end or beginning of the year.
I feel like families promise
to do that.
So they'd order food during
the festive days.
- They'd order?
- Yes.
I think it happens like that.
- I see.
- Okay.
How could you make people happy...
with this pair of slippers?
- With this?
- Yes.
Let me think.
(He's trying to think of something
cheerful with it.)
(They're expecting a lot.)
(He's taking his time to think
of something innovative.)
Knock. Knock. Knock.
Excuse me, I'm a slipper.
But this is too childish.
Knock. Knock. Knock.
Excuse me, I'm a slipper.
- Wow.
- I can think of something else.
No, it's fun.
But this does sound childish.
No, it doesn't sound childish.
This delivered your objective.
Excuse me. I'm a slipper.
- It gives me two meanings.
- Yes.
I like it.
But you're not happy with it.
- You don't like it.
- No.
I think there will be
something better.
Even if I don't make it here,
I'd post up my idea on your website.
I'll upload my idea.
Okay. Thank you.
Thank you for your time.
- Thank you.
- Thank you very much.
- Goodbye.
- Bye.
I like him.
(He feels good about him.)
For me...
I think he tried hard to show
that he's serious.
- He tried to show that...
- Okay.
- he's a different person from TV.
Basically...
he has good senses and
observation skills.
- He's good at observing.
- Yes.
- I saw many good sides of him.
- Okay.
I think he could become
a good leader.
I like him very much.
Jae Seok had leadership.
But Se Hyeong showed many
good sides of him.
So I like him.
I'd give a pass to Jae Seok
and Se Hyeong.
The rest of them didn't make it.
Goodness.
We have to go to a business trip.
Yes, we have to go
to our last interview.
This is our last time.
Isn't this a professional traveler?
Yes, this is the traveler.
- Let's all go.
- Let's go.
(They're moving to the next
interview.)
Goodness. We got to go.
(Ace the Interview)
Let's go. Let's go.
I feel confident now.
This is the last one.
We're the actual travelers.
This doesn't feel like we're
shooting.
I feel like we're actually taking
interviews.
This is about breaking the
The places we have been today...
are not small companies.
- Hello.
- Wow.
- This place is big.
- There are things we like.
- It's all here.
(Korea's first confectionery
company. H company.)
- I feel good, though.
- I feel so much better.
- This feels like home.
- Yes, I'm not kidding.
There are many stories
about snacks.
Aren't there many stories
about snacks?
- We have many stories.
- There are lots.
- This is the waiting place.
- Goodness.
Goodness.
I'll tell you the order
of seat arrangements. Yu Jae Seok.
Come this way, please.
- Nice to meet you.
- Yang Se Hyeong.
- Yes.
- Come this way.
Are we taking an exam?
- No, it's the identification slip.
- Cho Sae Ho.
- Hello.
- You can sit here.
Jung Jun Ha.
Come to the front.
It's the marketing team.
(Everyone is taking their seat.)
(He's nervous.)
(They feel pressured
for some reason.)
We were cheerful at the
entrance.
We're nervous inside.
(It's their third interview,
but it still makes them nervous.)
Now, we'll conduct the interview
for marketing team.
We'll start with basic capability
assessment on the work.
The basic capability assessment
on the work includes...
economics, knowledge on
current events, and creativity.
It's a written test that measures...
your basic capabilities.
In the second part,
you will have an interview...
that is based on the resume...
you turned in when you applied.
I will distribute the test.
- Are we really taking a test?
- Really?
We entered excitedly.
- We thought we would have snacks.
- This is wrong.
Thank you.
This is...
We thought we would have snacks.
Attach your identification slip
on your left chest.
- Okay.
What is this?
- My goodness.
- What is this?
Why do I need to know
about the three primary colors?
(He misses his mom
even before the interview.)
(He gathers his wits
and reads the questions carefully.)
(The first question of the exam
is difficult.)
(The answer is number 2.)
This is a disaster.
(Even the smart member
gets it wrong.)
(He lost his mind.)
(Thinking)
Red is definitely a primary color.
Red. Red.
Red, green, blue.
(With the mind of a job seeker,
they do their best.)
(They look like they are taking
a test for a promotion.)
- Five minutes remain.
- Excuse me?
- What?
- Five minutes?
- Yes.
- Hold on.
- Sir, did you say five minutes?
- Yes.
This is bad.
I am not even halfway done.
(He solves 4 questions
in 25 minutes.)
I can't do this.
My goodness.
(Life is a series of tests.)
- Time's up.
- My goodness.
Please put down the pen.
We will collect the answer sheets.
- This is...
- I wasn't anywhere near done.
(They have a mental breakdown
from taking a test.)
I can't believe it.
- It's one crisis after another.
- Seriously.
- You know,
- I will fail.
frustrating questions...
and unexpected situations...
- tortured us all day.
- I am in tatters.
Then we suffered a big blow here.
(The result of the basic
capability assessment)
(Jae Seok places first,
and Haha places last.)
We will now move on
to the interview.
In group 1, number 1 is Yu Jae Seok,
number two is Cho Sae Ho,
and number three is Yang Se Hyeong.
- Good luck.
- It's better to suffer first.
- We will be back.
(They thought the interview room
would smell like sweet snacks.)
(The interviewers await the members
in a frigid atmosphere.)
It's this way.
(This isn't what they experienced
at the previous companies.)
- Hello.
- It's nice to meet you.
- Please take a seat.
- Yes.
Thank you for applying
to our company.
In this interview,
we will hire the marketers...
who will lead
the confectionery industry.
- Please do your best.
- Yes.
(Park Hui Heon, Kim Hyung Geun,
Lee Ju Yeon, Kim Jun Beom)
It's nice to meet you.
My name is Cho Sae Ho.
At university, I majored
in Comedy and Theater.
I have a nickname.
It's Professional Traveler.
(His unchanging self-introduction
made Jae Seok burst out laughing.)
- You shouldn't laugh.
- You said it so many times.
(What do you think you are doing?)
- I am sorry.
- Keep going.
- I have a nickname.
It's Professional...
(His nostrils flare.)
(He couldn't help himself.)
I am sorry.
- We will give you time.
- My name is Cho Sae Ho.
At university, I majored
in Comedy and Theater.
I have a nickname.
It's Professional Traveler.
If someone calls for me,
I will carry my backpack...
and work hard where I am needed.
That's why I am
Professional Traveler.
Professional Traveler arrived
at this company now.
I wish to lay down my backpack...
and show my capabilities...
for the company.
You must have had
a lot of job interviews.
- That's not true.
- Do you say this at every company?
(He's keen.)
- Well...
- You do, don't you?
- I mean...
- You have, right?
- I don't remember.
- Really?
You talked about showing
your capabilities.
If you join the company,
exactly what capabilities
will you show?
In regard to my capabilities,
I can provide
good marketing ideas...
to show a marketer's capability.
There is a movie titled,
"Charlie and the Chocolate Factory".
It's based on a book.
When you open a snack,
it would be great to find a card...
that is dedicated to you.
I can show my capability...
- in this way.
- You can stop there.
- Okay.
- If your answer is too long...
- What?
- The others need fair treatment.
- Okay.
I want to go home.
Which company do you want to join?
- Company?
- Yes.
It's not like I can join
if I want to.
Tell me your wish.
I want to join this company.
I think I'll be able to eat as many
snacks as I want if I work here.
This is...
It's hard to make a living.
(They began to look for jobs
late in life.)
- Yang Se Hyeong.
- Yes.
On my lonely way home...
after school,
I ate Matdongsan
and imagine a dreamland.
Imagining a dreamland...
often gave me joy and happiness.
I came to pay the company back
for its kindness.
I hope you would give me
a chance to do that.
- Yang Se Hyeong,
- Yes.
when you worked part-time
a gas station,
you bumped up the sales
of a fuel additive...
from 5 to 50.
You wrote it in your resume.
How did you achieve that?
It was a gas station
that was run by my uncle.
My brother and I worked
part-time there.
My uncle told us that...
Normally it's a dollar for each...
- fuel additive.
- That's the margin.
- He offered to give you 50 cents.
- He offered to give me 50 cents.
What I want to know is how
you sold 10 times the usual amount.
(Figure out
the purpose of the question.)
Firstly, I studied the function...
of the fuel additive perfectly.
Then I approached the customers
with small talk, jokes,
and cute acts
a high school student can show.
That was the tactic I used.
Understood.
(You can get a point deducted
if you stray from the point.)
As I wrote in my resume,
I have eaten snacks...
for 40 years.
I always wondered how it would be
to make snacks for a living.
I wish to use my capabilities
in this company.
You said that you have liked
snacks for 40 years.
You listed Homerun Ball,
a snack made from our company,
- as your favorite snack.
- Yes.
In that case,
what's your second favorite snack?
I like Jagalchi.
Do you know which company
it is from?
It's Nongshim.
- It's a good company.
- Yes.
All right.
I personally like
such honest answer.
If an applicant says
that he or she can do anything...
the company asks,
the words lack sincerity.
What's more important is
being on your feet,
catching on quickly,
and being original.
It's Nongshim.
(Jae Seok didn't give the reasons
for his answer.)
We asked enough questions
on the resume.
Now, the three of you will be given
the same question.
Have you recently purchased
a product from our company?
- Yu Jae Seok.
- I bought Homerun Ball...
made with low-fat milk.
I enjoyed it a lot.
Which aspects did you like...
and dislike?
I have eaten Homerun Ball...
ever since it came out.
I think the number of balls
in a bag decreased.
I have been curious about it.
I should have counted them
when I was little.
How about you, Cho Sae Ho?
The ice cream I liked
ever since I was little is...
Bravo.
I love that ice cream.
I still remember a commercial
from 30 years ago.
The best singers of Korea
came together...
and sang a song in the commercial.
- It was before I joined.
- That's right.
(Yoon Bok Hee, Jung Su Ra,
Lee Sang Eun, Chung Hoon Hee, etc.)
(The best musicians of the era
made the commercial song.)
It was very impactful.
To this day, I enjoy the product...
with my friends
when I crave ice cream.
Do you have any dissatisfaction
about the product?
I can eat two,
so I am not dissatisfied.
Our company has
famous commercial songs.
- That's right.
- Do you know any one of them?
Happy Bravo
- That's it.
- Happy Bravo
- Stat from the beginning.
- Take your time.
- Shall I give you the beginning?
- Yes.
The song starts with "12pm".
(12pm is the time we meet)
Happy Bravo Cone
(He is embarrassed.)
- That's enough.
- The key and beat were off.
I was too nervous. I will learn it
once I join the company.
Let's move on to the next question.
(He managed to make people laugh.)
Myeong Soo.
It must be free.
(There are lots of snacks.)
There's food in the back.
There are drinks too.
There are drinks.
(Crunching)
(Munching)
This is great.
(They have a tasting.)
Here's the next question.
Soon the elderly population
will dominate.
When the population becomes
predominantly elderly,
what type of new product...
is necessary to sell to the elderly?
Sometimes my friends and I
want to make...
or purchase a cake,
but it can be costly.
Once I made a cake with...
brownies called Yes.
Here's a thought I had.
What if we make
a large version of it...
that is as big as a cake?
If it's made large,
children can give it to
their grandparents as a present.
I thought it'd be a good idea.
Next question is related to
naming products.
Our company is planning to
make dumplings with...
spicy octopus.
How would you name these dumplings?
Naming a product can be
the most important factor.
- Explain your idea behind the name.
- There's no pressure.
I think...
- Please start.
- From couples' point of view,
I'd name it Angry Octopus.
- "Angry Octopus"?
- Angry Octopus.
- A woman sends a message.
"Honey, I'm angry today."
"Why are you angry?"
(He imagines a commercial.)
She's angry because
she craves Angry Octopus.
That's one idea.
If we shoot a commercial with TWICE,
they have a song
called "Knock Knock".
(It rings at 12 o'clock)
Knock, knock, knock, knock
It's made with octopus, Knock Knock.
(It's made with octopus.)
(Even TWICE likes it.)
(It's the new Angry Octopus.)
(His voice is husky.)
That's another idea.
- Angry indicates fire, right?
- Right.
Knock Knock doesn't include
the spicy flavor.
It's missing the key concept.
We can name it
Angry Octopus or Spicy Octopus.
It's either Angry or Spicy Octopus.
Spicy Octopus indicates
the spicy flavor.
- Spicy flavor?
- Yes.
(Knock Knock)
(Spicy Octopus)
Dumplings are made with
spicy octopus.
It'd be a good idea to shorten...
a long name.
From Spicy Dumplings
Made with Red Octopus,
we call it Red Dumplings.
Pronunciation is important.
If it's advertised well,
the name will become popular
among the young crowd.
That's my idea.
Will it be okay
for the company's reputation?
How about Reddish Dumplings?
- That's even worse.
- What?
(It's a flavor that
you want to steal.)
(High quality dumplings
are safe to eat.)
Okay, your idea wasn't bad.
Naming a product in short time
is difficult.
We asked to test
your ability to think quickly.
What do you think marketing is?
I think...
marketing is about selling products.
- Not at all.
- How about you, Sae Ho?
It's about the reception of
the consumers that is as natural...
as possible.
It's done through marketing.
The father of marketing...
(He seems unsure.)
- Philip...
- Philip Kotler?
Kotler wrote a book.
(He can't remember what he studied.)
K-O-T-L-E-R.
(Nose hair?)
While making profits,
you must satisfy customers' needs.
That sounds wrong.
We asked about
the basic of marketing.
(No one answered correctly.)
We've been talking for
about 20 to 30 minutes.
Explain how you feel now
in five words.
I will try next time.
Did you already...
- lose confidence?
- Are you giving up?
I can tell by the look in the eyes.
Your eyes tell me.
Mr. Kim Hyung Geun
doesn't seem to like me.
I don't usually express my feelings.
- Is that so?
- Okay.
How about you, Sae Ho?
My answer in five words is
I will not go home.
That's my answer.
What do you want to do instead?
I want to share
snacks and ice cream...
with my friends.
- Thank you.
- It's been an hour.
- Isn't that too long?
- How's it possible?
- It was tough.
- Time flew by.
- Why?
- Was it difficult?
- I'm still scared.
- Did you feel that?
- What's wrong?
The last two companies...
- were more casual.
- Right.
This is the interview
that we expected.
It's the hardest level.
Was it different
from the delivery service?
The one who was sitting
at the end...
seemed like a detective.
(What kind of manager is he?)
(He looks and speaks
like an interrogator.)
This is the only hope that we have.
Generally speaking, they don't have
basic knowledge of marketing.
- Right.
- Cho Sae Ho...
would be better in sales
than marketing.
- He fits with marketing these days.
- Really?
His idea was Angry Octopus.
I thought it was a good idea.
- Angry Octopus Spicy Octopus?
- I liked his idea.
- I've never seen you like this.
- I felt that...
you completely lost your energy.
We had three interviews today.
During the first interview, I still
had my entertaining personality.
During this interview, I felt like
it was my last chance,
and that I'd be in trouble
if I didn't make it.
So I felt pressured,
and my mind went blank.
What kind of product would be
appropriate to sell to...
the elderly population?
How about injeolmi snacks?
I hope for more snacks
with rice cake flavors.
We can make the snacks softer.
We can make
the existing snacks softer.
I think it'd be a good idea.
Please express the flavor.
It may be physical or literal.
My son, catch it.
It's my love for you.
(He plays baseball with his son.)
Here it comes.
Catch it.
(That was me a minute ago.)
I love you, Dad.
It's Dad's flavor.
It's a home run.
(Laughing)
We're proficient in speaking
about things that we know well.
As Jun Ha eats a lot,
and he has seen and done
marketing before,
he has expertise.
He showed interest in
the organization of marketing.
His detailed answers showed that
he spent time thinking about it.
I hope you'll consider me.
- Thank you.
- Thank you for the snacks.
- Neoguri...
- Fried snacks.
- I consider Cho Sae Ho...
- Cho Sae Ho...
Cho Sae Ho was the best.
He was more earnest
than the other candidates.
Compared to actual candidates...
whom we interview in real life,
he was more passionate.
There are no candidates who
can't stay still in their seat...
because they're anxious
to speak first.
However, that's one
of the most important...
factors that we consider
during interviews.
(Youth unemployment rate
is 9.8 percent.)
(Employment is at its worst
since the IMF crisis.)
(Exhausted job seekers get busy.)
Even if you lack
some background knowledge,
as long as you show
earnestness and determination,
we could give you a chance.
We can give them basic knowledge.
People think that game companies
are free and casual.
Our company is free in some ways,
but making games is
all about teamwork.
It's about conversation
and trust among people.
These are important factors.
Candidates try to hide their
weaknesses during the interview...
to look good.
It's better to reveal your weakness
with confidence...
and show how you can overcome it.
That's what's considered appealing.
You shouldn't be passive.
It's better to have
a sense of confidence.
Speak comfortably,
and be completely honest.
Unlike what's on your resume,
show who you really are.
(Ace the Interview)
- Good job, everyone.
- Thank you.
- Good job.
- Today was difficult.
I haven't had a headache
in a long time.
Today was a very rough day.
It definitely was.
I realized that the world
is full of difficulties...
- and lawless.
- "Lawless"?
- What do you mean?
- Just ignore it today.
- I'm really exhausted.
- Ignore it.
- I understand.
- I understand what you mean.
Leave Se Hyeong alone
until the end of next week.
- I saw him during the interviews.
- It was a chance...
to realize how tough it is.
We hope that this year,
those looking for jobs...
will be hired by companies
where they want to work.
I hope that they can all work
and be happy.
It's our sincere wish.
The year 2018 is
the Year of the Golden Dog.
- Happy New Year.
- Gosh.
- The floor is so cold.
- You're right.
- Goodness.
(It's Jack Frost
for weather forecast.)
(Where are you coming from?)
(He asks people for interviews.)
May I interview you? It'll be short.
(Jack Frost asks for interviews.)
(What's the story behind it?)
I hear you.
(Due to the cold weather,
they're filming from home.)
(Do they get to
stay at home and relax?)
(Is it okay just to eat?)
(That's what they thought.)
The theme of this episode is...
An Hour Before.
- An hour before?
- This is driving me nuts.
(An Hour Before Special?)
It could be any situation or place,
but you'll be placed there
an hour before it starts.
(You have no time to ask
what your job is.)
(That is why he's here
in the middle of the winter.)
(He becomes a flight attendant
2 hours before departure.)
(He has no time to be nervous.)
(In the blink of an eye,
he's flying in the sky.)
(Haha is invited
to a birthday party,)
(while Jae Seok is on
a dizzy suspension bridge.)
(You have to adapt no matter what.)
(An Hour Before)